Add OIDC issuer policy config steps (#5)
buildkite-plugins/pulumi-buildkite-plugin: README.md

          pulumi_token_scope: "user:${YOUR_PULUMI_CLOUD_USERNAME}"
```

> Once the issuer is created, the policy editor page will open. Update the settings to the following values:

Author: ```suggestion
Once the issuer in Pulumi is created, the policy editor page will open. Update the settings with the following values:
```
